c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\csharp mongo.exe.config
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\csharp mongo.exe
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\csharp mongo.pdb
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\EasyMongo.dll
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.dll
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Legacy.xml
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.xml
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp mongo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp_mongo.Form1.resources
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp_mongo.Inicio.resources
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp_mongo.Inicio2.resources
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp_mongo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp mongo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp mongo.exe
c:\users\ceslusbel\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\csharp mongo\csharp mongo\obj\Debug\csharp mongo.pdb
